[KOGITO-5300] Updating documentation of addons modules (#1463)
kiegroup/kogito-runtimes: addons/common/mail/README.md

# Kogito Mail Addon

> This addon enables the capability of sending emails in a Kogito Process project. An example of usage is the Kogito Task

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kogito Mail Addon adds the capability of sending emails in a Kogito Process project. An example of this is the Kogito Task
```

Deadline use case. <!-- TODO: reference needed -->

<!-- TODO: this addon is lacking documentation in the official docs. Please see: https://issues.redhat.com/browse/KOGITO-5562 -->

## Examples

> Please check the following examples to explore more about this capability:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the following examples to explore more about this addon:
```
